you
experience the splendor of a stunning
volcanic beach calming waters and lush
tropical gardens at the Doubletree
resort by hilton Costa Rica Punta Arenas
this all-inclusive Costa Rican Beach
Resort is beautifully located alongside
a beach outside the port city of Punta
Arenas and is the perfect place from
which to explore the wonders beautiful
Costa Rica conveniently accessible the
resort isn't incredibly scenic 50 minute
drive from Kwon santamaría International
Airport the Doubletree resort by hilton
costa rica punta arenas embraces its
lush environment as seen with the 315
spacious guestrooms appointed with the
warmth of wood furnishings including
double trees sweet dreams bed modern
in-room amenities including wireless
internet access provide a real sense of
comfort and convenience a variety of
suites provide extra living space ideal
for families the Doubletree resort by
hilton Costa Rica Punta Arenas boasts a
fine array of all-inclusive dining
entertainment and activity options
Calypso our main restaurant offers a
wide variety of local and international
dishes buffet and a la carte style for
breakfast lunch and dinner get a quick
bite at the Polly can snack bar or over
the fruit bar surrounded by the vastness
of the Pacific Ocean
kanya Brava allows you to indulge
yourself with a dinner of exquisite
fresh seafood specialties savor Latin
American style cuisine for dinner at
Macondo where you can enjoy the finest
culinary demonstration of our highly
specialized chefs relax with friends
over a tropical drink at one of our
exotic lounges the sports bar is a fun
atmosphere to view a great game
Doubletree resort by hilton Costa Rica
Punta Arenas
a wealth of recreational activities amid
its lush tropical setting relax at one
of our four sparkling pools including
spas and children's areas take a long
walk along the neverending volcanic sand
beach or down the long scenic pier
sports enthusiasts can enjoy non
motorized water equipment you can even
practice your tennis serve on-site or
get a workout in the fully equipped
fitness center the kids Club provides
unique activities such as arts and
crafts while the teens Club provides
entertainment for older kids our well
informed concierge can direct you to
nearby rainforests and nature parks in
the evening the casino provides a
whirlwind of live entertainment and
gaming excitement with more than six
thousand three hundred square feet of
meeting and banquet space Doubletree
resort by hilton costa rica puntarenas
offers a full range of facilities that
can easily accommodate gatherings up to
300 an impressive amphitheater along
with five fully equipped meeting rooms
allow for numerous configurations to
meet your specifications the business
center is your veritable office away
from home with numerous services to stay
productive for a dream wedding allow our
professional planners to make your
special day of celebration to remember
for the perfect combination of elegant
accommodations lush tropical amenities
and gracious hospitality experience the
Doubletree resort by Hill Costa Rica
Punta Cana
you